README.md, before:

[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://classroom.github.com/assets/open-in-vscode-c66648af7eb3fe8bc4f294546bfd86ef473780cde1dea487d3c4ff354943c9ae.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/online_ide?assignment_repo_id=9677287&assignment_repo_type=AssignmentRepo)

# About the design
Designers thoughts on design decisions for the landing page to the upcoming movie Welcome To Mars. We have made three mockup views for mobile, tablet and desktop. The look and feel of the page should be similar on all three views but elements can shift for better and more efficient use of space and make a better user experience.

Mockups are made in Figma where we have two separate pages. One for components that are used in the design templates and one for the different views. As it's a small page we deemed it easier for the developer to overview if all three views were located in the same page.

Color selection…

Our choosing of fonts for logo, headings and paragraphs…

The header are fixed to the page top so visitors always have easy access to navigation.

The main menu for navigating the page will have to change depending on the visitors screen size. Therefore we designed a menu with visible links for the desktop view located in the header element. Then for tablet and mobile view we added a hamburger icon located in the header element to open the menu in a separate element on top of the page.

We designed a slider to display three cards and a slider navigation with arrows and dots. If a visitor clicks the arrows the card shifts to the next in order and the dots indicate what card is currently active.

Cookie box are fixed to the viewport bottom until clicked then it disappears.

Commit message:

:memo: Updated with design choice information
Updates include descriptions of font choices, colors and layout.

README.md, after:

[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://classroom.github.com/assets/open-in-vscode-c66648af7eb3fe8bc4f294546bfd86ef473780cde1dea487d3c4ff354943c9ae.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/online_ide?assignment_repo_id=9677287&assignment_repo_type=AssignmentRepo)

# About the design
We decided to create a movie premiere design for a fictional movie called Welcome to Mars. The landing page contains a big image from the movie, the mobie title and a short description as well as buttons for viewing the trailer and to read more information. The layout of the landing page is image-focused to give the user a good idea of the look and mood of the movie, and contains everything you need to find out more if you're interested. We've made three mockup views for mobile, tablet and desktop. The look and feel of the page should be similar on all three views but elements can shift for better and more efficient use of space and make a better user experience.

Mockups are made in Figma where we have two separate pages. One for components that are used in the design templates and one for the different views. As it's a small page we deemed it easier for the developer to overview if all three views were located in the same page.

The colors were chosen with the images in mind to create a cohesive look. The use of beige text instead of white text on the green background color is to avoid contrast that feels too sharp, as we felt that the beige appeared a little softer and easier to read. Dark blue was used as a complimentary color to the red/orange. The design of the menu as well as buttons is simple as to keep the images the main focus. The buttons have no border radius to work well with the two images in the section "About the film" as they are rectangular. The navigation doesn't have a background color as the contrast to the image already is high, and to allow the image to take up as much space as possible.

When choosing fonts we began by creating the movie heading. This contains two fonts, Dosis and East Sea Dokdo, where East Sea Dokdo is more decorative and Dosis is a more simple sans-serif. These where chosen with contrast in mind in order to create a movie title logo that would be recognizable and interesting. From the movie title we've picked out Dosis and used it throughout the design in headings. East Sea Dokdo has been used in the Mars icon. The font for paragraphs is Inter as it works well together with Dosis and is easy to read. 

The header is fixed to the page top so the user always has easy access to the navigation.

The main menu for navigating the page will change depending on the visitors screen size. Therefore we designed a menu with visible links for the desktop view located in the header element. Then for tablet and mobile view we added a hamburger icon located in the header element to open the menu in a separate element on top of the page.

We designed a slider to display three cards and a slider navigation with arrows and dots. If a visitor clicks the arrows the card shifts to the next in order and the dots indicate which card is currently active.

Cookie box is fixed to the viewport bottom until clicked, then it disappears.
